Add a template for reporting misalignment (#10159)
ComplianceAsCode/content: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/misalignment.md

---
name: Content Misalignment issue
about: Report a state when this content is misaligned with a content produced by another party.
---
#### Description of problem:

> The content is misaligned with another content that targets the same policy - typically, this means that the system hardened by our content doesn't pass the scan by the other content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content is misaligned with an external (third party) content that targets the same policy - typically, this means that a system hardened by our content doesn't pass the scan by the external content.
```

#### Details:

This content is not aligned with content from _<insert the other party name here>_

> The misalignment affects this content's profiles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The misalignment affects these profiles:
```

- ...

> The misalignment affects this content's rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The misalignment affects these rules:
```

- ...

#### Outcome:

> - [ ] There is something to in this project to improve the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] This project's content can be  improved:
```

  - [ ] Check needs to be improved.
  - [ ] Remediation needs to be improved.

> - [ ] The other content's check is faulty - other party needs to be notified, they have work to do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The external content's check is faulty - the other party needs to be notified, they have work to do.
```

#### SCAP Security Guide Version:

> #### The Other Policy Version:

Reviewer: Here you probably meant the version of the other party's content implementation. Not the Policy both contents are targeting, right?
```suggestion
####  External Content's Version:
```

Author: Correct.
